The purpose of KGB's standing Bylaws Committee is to review the current
bylaws and to submit any suggested revisions to the Executive Board, which
will then review the suggestions and make a proposal to the membership.
The committee enjoys no special status or power under the bylaws;  the
Executive Board is perfectly free to make its own, independent proposals
and/or to completely ignore those made by the Bylaws Committee -- unless,
of course, they're given to Exec via petition.

In practice, the Bylaws Committee should also recognise its responsibility
to make intelligent and well-considered recommendations, to explain the
reasoning behind its proposals to both the Board and, should it come to that,
the membership, and to shepherd its revisions throughout the process so that
the organization functions smoothly and -- as much as is possible --
untroubled.

Organizational bylaws exist to serve two functions: first, to organize
action; and second, to resolve conflict.  It is here that bylaws
developers must tread carefully, at least in our organization, because
these purposes must be developed in their own manners.

While KGB is a parliamentary organization, we are not, at heart, a
parliament: that is, KGB is not a governing body and holds no real
responsibilities external to its membership.  It is, in other words, a
social organization, and one at that which thrives on the flair and
genius of its membership; therefore, the bylaws must be careful to not
over-formalize the proceedings of the organization and thus drown it
in uninteresting ritual.

At the same time, the organization maintains officers, and their
selection is a natural source of conflict, even in a well-intentioned
and generally amicable group.  The bylaws must therefore seek to ease
the resolution of conflict in a manner which appears fair and
justified to the membership; thus, the bylaws must provide clear
instructions in these cases so that the result will be seen not as the
bias of some small number of individuals but as the fair outcome of an
accepted procedure.

Maintaining this balance between liberty and control should always be
foremost in mind of those who would modify any law.

rjmccall
2004.03.27
