II.1.c. To replace the phrase "Article 4, Sections 3 and 4" with the
phrase "Article IV, Sections 3, 4, and 5".

II.1.f. To capitalize the first letter of the word "member" in the title
of this subsection.

II.1.f. To change the definition of a voting member by removing the
clause "and is an Activities Fee paying student".

II.1.g. To clarify the definition of a mailing by appending the phrase:
  "Such mail must be individually addressed to each recipient, and may
  not only be to a single central bulletin board or other medium."

II.1.h. To change the phrase "Article 4, Section 1" to read
  "Article IV, Section 1 of these bylaws".

II.1. To insert a new subsection before the subsection defining "Duck",
reading:
  Annual Meeting.  The annual meeting is the meeting at which the
  officers shall be elected for the ensuing year, and at which other
  significant business is conducted in accordance with these bylaws,
  and is described in Article VI, Section 2 of these bylaws.
And to renumber all subsections appropriately.

II.1. To insert a new subsection before the subsection defining "Duck",
reading:
  Random Process.  A random process shall be any method of choice
  which assigns an equal probability of selection to each option.
And to remember all subsections appropriately.

II.2. To alter the authority for provisional definitions from
"WEBSTER'S NEW COLLEGIATE DICTIONARY" to "MERRIAM-WEBSTER'S
COLLEGIATE DICTIONARY".

IV.1. To append to the final sentence in this section the clause ", as
well as upon any change in the announced time".

IV.3. To modify the notification requirements for regular Board
meetings by modifying the second sentence to read:
  "Notice of such meetings shall be mailed to the membership
  at least six (6) days prior to the date of the first
  such meeting of each semester by the Corresponding Secretary
  and upon any change in the announced time."

IV.6. To strike the sentence related to proxy voting and to replace
it with:
  "Absentee voting will be permitted only for elections.  Absentee
  ballots must be submitted to all the election proctors at least
  twelve (12) hours in advance of the commencement of the Annual
  Meeting, and may be submitted by electronic mail or in person."


V.2.a. To alter the final clause by changing the phrase "in addition
to these Bylaws" to read "in addition to those provided for in these
bylaws".

V.2.b. To strike the phrase
  "shall have the duties and exercise the powers of the President
  in case of the President's death, absence, or incapacity, and"
and thus to restore the default behavior under Robert's Rules, which
specify that these powers are to descend by order of highest
seniority.

V.2.d. To alter the duties of the Recording Secretary as follows:
  To strike the phrase ", and carry out such other duties as are
    prescribed in these Bylaws."
  To insert in its place the phrase: "; furthermore, the Recording
    Secretary shall carry out such other duties as are prescribed
    in these bylaws, and shall have the duties and powers normally
    applicable to the office of Secretary, except for those duties
    and powers assigned to another officer by these bylaws."

V.2.d. To append to the description of the Recording Secretary
the clause:
  "In the absence of the Recording Secretary, the duties and powers
  thereof shall be executed by the Corresponding Secretary, or
  in the absence thereof, the most senior officer present not
  presiding over the meeting."

V.2.f. To change the phrase "the Treasurer shall send to each member"
to read "the Treasurer shall mail to each member".

V.2.f. To append to the description of the Treasurer the clause:
  "In the absence of the Treasurer, the Recording Secretary
  shall record allocations made or debts incurred by or to
  the organization; however, the Recording Secretary shall not
  disburse or collect moneys, unless authorized so to do by the
  Board."

V.3. To change the officer requirements to read:
  "All officers of the organization shall be voting members who
  are Activities Fee-paying students."

V.5. To change this section to read:
   "Any officer may be recalled for misconduct or dereliction of
   duty. A written petition, stating the reason(s) for recall, shall
   be filed with the Board.  Written notice of such a petition shall
   be mailed to the membership.  At the next regular meeting at least
   six (6) days after the mailing, a hearing on the matter will be
   held and a two-thirds (2/3) vote will be required to sustain the
   recall."

V.6. To change the seniority of officers to place the Corresponding
Secretary over the Recording Secretary, and to reorder and renumber
the subsections of Section 2 appropriately.

VI.3. To strike subsection A, to insert in its place the following
three subsections, and to renumber the other subsections
appropriately:
  a. Proctors.  For the duration of the elections at the Annual
  Meeting, a set of at least three proctors shell preside and keep
  order at the meeting.  Ballots shall be counted by at least two
  proctors.  Proctors shall be ineligible to run in that year's
  elections.  Proctors shall be voting members of the organization
  except as discussed in section VI.3.b.
  
  b. Normal Proctor Selection.  At least two weeks prior to the
  Annual Meeting, a slate of at least three consenting members shall
  be nominated as proctors at a meeting of the Board.  A member
  shall not be nominated if any member of the Board objects.  At any
  meeting of the general body thereafter prior to the Annual
  Meeting, the slate may be modified or approved by a two-thirds
  (2/3) vote.  At any such time, if it has not yet approved a slate
  of proctors, the organization may elect to request proctors
  from an external source with a two-thirds (2/3) vote.

  c. Emergency Proctor Selection.  If, at the Annual Meeting, less
  than three approved proctors are in attendance, the general body
  shall again have the opportunity to modify and approve the slate of
  proctors.  If no proctors have yet been approved, after at least two
  failed votes to approve the current slate of proctors the chair may
  declare an impasse.  In such an impasse, five present members not
  presently nominated for office shall be selected as proctors by
  random process; or, if five such members cannot be found, five
  members from the total attendance shall be so selected, but shall
  remain eligible for election.

VI.3.b. To title this section "Election Procedure".

VII.  To add four sections, to follow the existing sections in this
article:
  Section 3. The organization may appoint extraordinary committees to
  advance the work of the organization.  Each such committee has an
  owner, who must be a member in good standing of the organization.  The
  owner appoints and replaces the chair of the committee as deemed
  appropriate.
  
  Section 4. The owner of an extraordinary committee is determined by
  auction, the proceeds of which are payable to the organization.  In
  the event of a vacancy in ownership of an extraordinary committee, the
  organization may fill the vacancy by auction.
  
  Section 5. The owner of an extraordinary committee may transfer the
  ownership of the committee to another member in good standing by
  notifying the Recording Secretary.
  
  Section 6. The Recording Secretary shall maintain a record of the
  membership of all ordinary committees and of the ownership of all
  extraordinary committees.

And to change "committee" to read "ordinary committee" in
the following locations:
  Section 1. "appoint standing committees" to read "appoint 
    standing ordinary committees".
    "Special committees" to read "Special ordinary committees".
  Section 2. "Any committee appointment" to read "Any ordinary
    committee appointment".

VIII.1.c. To change the final phrase beginning at "shall require"
to read "shall require a two-thirds (2/3) vote for approval".

VIII.3. To change the final sentence, beginning "An affirmative
vote", to read:
  "An affirmative two-thirds (2/3) vote shall be required to
  sustain the actions of the Board."

X.2. To alter the first sentence, changing the phrase "a two-thirds
(2/3) vote of the voting members present and voting" to "a two-thirds
(2/3) vote".

XIII.1.d. To alter this subsection to read "Old business" rather
than "Unfinished business".

XIII.2.c. To decapitalize the word "Committees".