                                  BYLAWS
                                   KGB

                                ARTICLE I
                           NAME AND OBJECTIVES
 
Section 1. The name of the organization shall be KGB.

Section 2. The objectives of the organization shall be:

    a. to promote a spirit of fellowship among its members.
     
    b. to take an active and positive role in campus life.

Section 3. The organization shall not be conducted or operated for
profit and no part of any profits or remainder or residue from dues,
donations, or other sources of income to the organization shall inure to
the personal benefit of any member or individual.

                               ARTICLE II
                               DEFINITIONS

Section 1. Standing Definitions. The terms defined as follows shall be
considered standing definitions:
 
    a. Majority. A majority shall be defined as a number greater
    then one-half (1/2), or fifty percent (50%), of the total.

    b. Organization Quorum. A quorum of the organization is required
    in order to hold meetings as set forth in Article 4, Sections 1
    and 2, and shall be either a majority of the voting members or
    seventy-five percent (75%) of the active members.

    c. Board Quorum. A quorum of the Board is required in order to
    hold meetings set forth in Article IV, Sections 3, 4, and 5, and
    shall be a majority of the Board members.

    d. Written Petitions. All written petitions shall bear the
    signatures of either ten (10) members, or twenty percent (20%)
    of the voting membership, whichever is greater.

    e. Member in Good Standing.  A member is in good standing whose
    dues are current and whose other monetary obligations to the
    organization are fulfilled
         1) within sixty (60) days of the obligation's creation, or
         2) by the Annual Meeting (as defined in Art. VI, Sec. 2)
    whichever comes first unless such obligations are created
    within seven (7) days prior to the Annual Meeting, in which
    case clause 2 shall not apply.

    f. Voting member. A voting member is a member in good standing
    who has attended at least one (1) previous meeting.

    g. Mailing. A mailing may be by physical or electronic means.
    Such mail must be individually addressed to each recipient, and
    may not only be to a single central bulletin board or other
    medium.

    h. Active Member.  An active member shall be a voting member who
    has attended at least one of the three (3) previous regular
    organization meetings as set forth in Article IV, Section 1 of
    these bylaws.

    i. Annual Meeting.  The annual meeting is the meeting at which the
    officers shall be elected for the ensuing year, and at which other
    significant business is conducted in accordance with these bylaws,
    and is described in Article VI, Section 2 of these bylaws.

    j. Duck. Anything that looks like a duck, walks like a duck, and
    quacks like a duck.

Section 2. Provisional Definitions. All terms not previously defined as
standing Definitions shall be defined according to the current edition
of MERRIAM-WEBSTER'S COLLEGIATE DICTIONARY.

                               ARTICLE III
                               MEMBERSHIP

Section 1. Membership. Each individual voting member shall have one (1)
vote. Each member shall receive one (1) copy of any notices,
publications or other distributed documents of the organization.

Section 2. Becoming a Member.  Any person whose dues have been paid to 
the Treasurer and whose body temperature is above fifty (50) degrees
Fahrenheit shall be considered a member.  However, the second
requirement can be waived for the fee of ten (10) dollars.

Section 3. Dues. Membership dues for the next year shall be suggested
annually by the Executive Board in March, and approved or changed by
the voting membership at the Annual Meeting.  Dues shall be payable on
or before the thirtieth day of September each year.

Section 4. Termination. Memberships may be terminated voluntarily:

    a. by resignation. Any member may resign from the organization
    upon written notice to the Recording Secretary.

    b. by lapsing. A membership will be considered as lapsed and
    automatically terminated if such member's dues remain unpaid
    thirty (30) days after the deadline for payment of dues. 
    However, the Executive Board may grant an additional thirty (30)
    days grace period to such delinquent members in exceptional
    cases. In no case may a person be entitled to vote at any
    organization meeting whose dues are unpaid as of the date of
    that meeting, or who are sixty (60) days in arrears of other
    monetary obligations to the organization.

Section 5. Refund of Dues. Membership dues will not be refunded either
wholly or in part for any reason save extreme circumstances as
determined by the membership.

Section 6. Benefits of Membership. All members in good standing shall
receive all benefits of membership except as stipulated in the bylaws.

                               ARTICLE IV
                           MEETINGS AND VOTING

Section 1. Regular organization Meetings. Regular meetings of the
organization shall be held as directed by the Executive Board.  Written
notice of such meetings shall be mailed to the membership at least six
(6) days prior to the date of the first such meeting of each semester by
the Corresponding Secretary through the official organization newsletter
or by other mailing.

Section 2. Special organization Meetings. Special meetings of the
organization may be called by the President, or by a majority vote of
the members of the Executive Board who are present and voting at any
regular or special meeting of the Board, or by the Recording Secretary
upon receipt of a written petition.  Written notice of such meetings
shall be mailed by the Corresponding Secretary at least three (3) and
not more than fifteen (15) days prior to the date of the meeting. Such
notice shall state the purpose(s) of the meeting, and no other
organization business may be transacted thereat.

Section 3. Regular Executive Board Meetings. Regular meetings of the
Executive Board shall be held as directed by the Board, with a minimum
of two (2) such meetings per semester.  Notice of each such meeting
shall be given to the membership by the President at least five (5) days
prior to the date of the meeting. Such meetings shall be closed to
non-members of the organization unless the individual(s) should be
specifically invited by the Board, in which case the cause for the
non-member presence shall be the first order of business, and after
which the non-member may be asked to leave the meeting. 

Section 4. Special Executive Board Meetings. Special meetings of the
Executive Board may be called by the President, or by the Recording
Secretary upon the receipt of a written petition signed by at least
three (3) members of the Board.  Notice of such meetings shall be given
to the membership at least five (5) days prior to the meeting.  Such
notice shall state the purpose of the meeting and no other business may
be transacted thereat.  In addition, all restrictions in Section 3 of
this article shall apply to special meetings of the Board.

Section 5. Emergency Board Meetings.  Emergency meetings of the Board
may be called by the President or First Vice-President and may be held
by phone.  Notice of such meetings shall be given to the officers at
least one (1) day prior to the meeting.  Any majority decision reached
will be entered into the minutes of the next regular Board meeting.

Section 6. Voting. Each voting member shall be entitled to one (1)
vote at any regular meeting of the organization at which the member is
present.  Absentee voting will be permitted only for elections.
Absentee ballots must be submitted to all the election proctors at
least twelve (12) hours in advance of the commencement of the annual
meeting, and may be submitted by electronic mail or in person.

                                ARTICLE V
                      OFFICERS AND REPRESENTATIVES

Section 1. Executive Board. The officers of the organization shall
constitute the Executive Board.  The power necessary for the general
management of the organization's affairs shall be entrusted to the
Board, except as follows.

    a. The Board shall be subject to the orders of the organization,
    and none of its acts shall conflict with action taken by the
    organization, and the organization may countermand any decision
    of the board by a majority vote, thus opening up the question
    for consideration by the organization.

    b. The Board shall not distribute the organization's funds
    except as directed by the organization.

Section 2. Officers. The organization officers, consisting of the
following, shall serve in their respective capacities both with regard
to the organization and its meetings and the Board and its meetings.

    a. The President shall preside at all meetings of the
    organization and of the Board, and shall have the duties and
    powers normally applicable to the office of President in
    addition to those provided for in these Bylaws.

    b. The First Vice-President shall be in charge of fellowship and
    shall actively recruit new members.

    c. The Second Vice-President shall be in charge of organizing 
    fellowship activities.

    d. The Corresponding Secretary shall have charge of all
    correspondence pertinent to the organization other than the
    correspondence reserved for the Recording Secretary and
    Treasurer.  The Corresponding Secretary shall be the Editor of
    the organization Newsletter.

    e. The Recording Secretary shall keep a record of all meetings of
    the organization and of the Board and of all matters of which a
    record shall be ordered by the organization.  The Recording
    Secretary shall keep a roll of the members of the organization
    with applicable information, including attendance at meetings of
    the general body, and carry out such other duties as are
    prescribed in these Bylaws, and shall have the duties and powers
    normally applicable to the office of Secretary, except for those
    duties and powers assigned to another officer by these Bylaws.  In
    the absence of the Recording Secretary, the duties and powers
    thereof shall be executed by the Corresponding Secretary, or in
    the absence thereof, the most senior officer present not presiding
    over the meeting.

    f. The Treasurer shall collect and receive all moneys due or
    belonging to the organization, and shall deposit the same in a
    bank satisfactory to the Board, in the name of the organization.
    The Treasurer's books shall be open at all times to the
    inspection of the Board, and the Treasurer shall report to the
    Board and the general membership at every meeting the condition
    of the organization's finances. At the annual meeting, the
    Treasurer shall render an account of all moneys received and
    expended during the previous fiscal year. During the month of
    September the Treasurer shall send to each member a statement of
    dues for the ensuing year. The Treasurer shall disperse funds as
    directed by the Executive Board.  The Treasurer shall also be
    responsible for filing all financial forms applicable to the
    organization.  In the absence of the Treasurer, the Recording
    Secretary shall record allocations made or debts incurred by or to
    the organization; however, the Recording Secretary shall not
    disburse or collect moneys, unless authorized so to do by the
    Board.

    g. The Sergeant-at-Arms shall assist in preserving order as the
    chair may direct, and other duties as set forth in the standing
    rules of order.

Section 3. Officer Requirements. All Officers of the organization
shall be voting members who are Activities Fee-paying students.

Section 4. Vacancies. Any vacancy of an officer position occurring on
the Board during the year shall be filled for the unexpired term of
office by a majority vote of all the remaining members of the Board by
the second regular meeting of the board following the creation of such
vacancy.

Section 5. Recall of Officers. Any officer may be recalled for
misconduct or dereliction of duty. A written petition, stating the
reason(s) for recall, shall be filed with the Board.  Written notice
of such a petition shall be mailed to the membership.  A hearing on
the matter will be held at the next regular meeting of at least six
(6) days after the mailing, and a two-thirds (2/3) vote will be
required to sustain the recall.

Section 6. Seniority. Seniority of offices is: President, First
Vice-President, Second Vice-President, Corresponding Secretary, 
Recording Secretary, Treasurer, and Sergeant-at-Arms.

                               ARTICLE VI
              ORGANIZATION YEAR, ANNUAL MEETING, ELECTIONS

Section 1. Organization Year. The organization's fiscal year shall begin
on the first day of September and end on the thirty-first day of August.
The organization's official year shall begin immediately at the
conclusion of the election at the annual meeting and shall continue
through the election at the next annual meeting.

Section 2. Annual Meeting. No later than the last meeting in the month
of December the board shall set the date for the Annual Meeting.  The
annual meeting shall be held in the month of April of each year.  At the
Annual Meeting the Officers for the ensuing year shall be elected by
secret, written ballot from among those nominated in accordance with
Section 4 of this article. They shall take office immediately upon the
conclusion of the election and each retiring officer shall relinquish
all properties and records relating to that office within fifteen (15)
days after the election.

Section 3. Elections. The color of elections shall be purple.

    a. At least one week prior to the annual meeting, at least three 
    consenting members shall be appointed without objection as election 
    proctors at a meeting of the executive board, and then ratified by a 2/3 
    vote at a general body meeting. The election proctors will be ineligible 
    to run in that year's elections. For the duration of elections, the 
    election proctors shall preside and keep order at the meeting. At all 
    times, at least one proctor shall remain in the room. Ballots shall be 
    counted by two proctors.

    b. The election of each officer shall be concluded before the election of
    the next begins, and these elections shall be held in order of the chain
    of command. Write-in ballots or other invalid ballots shall be considered
    as abstentions. The candidate receiving a majority of the votes cast for
    each office shall be declared elected. In the case of an all-way tie, an
    additional round shall be run. Should the tie repeat, the winner shall be
    decided by the proctors of the election by random process. Otherwise,
    candidates shall be eliminated by the following method:  
    
        1) Sort candidates into tiers of people with the same number of votes. 
	
	2) Starting with the lowest ranking tier, remove tiers from the 
	running in increasing order of rank until removing another would bring 
	the total number of votes removed above 1/3. If there are no tiers with
	a number of votes below 1/3, remove the lowest ranking tier. 

        3) If more than one candidate remains, run another round.
	
    The winner shall be announced by the election proctors. Vote totals shall
    not be announced. The ballots shall be destroyed upon completion of the
    elections.


Section 4. Nominations. No person may be a candidate in an organization
election who has not been nominated or who is not a voting organization member
in good standing. During the last quarter of the official year the Executive
Board shall select a Nominating Committee consisting of four (4) members
willing to so serve, not more than one (1) of whom shall be a member of the
Board. The Recording Secretary shall immediately notify the committee members
of their selection.  The Board shall name a Chairperson for the committee and
it shall be this person's duty to call a committee meeting which shall be  held
on or before March 1. Once the first meeting has been held, the membership of
this committee cannot be altered by the board. No person who has served on the
Nominating Committee will be eligible to run in that year's elections. 

    a. The committee shall nominate at least one (1) candidate for
    each office, and after securing the consent of each person so 
    nominated, shall immediately report their nominations to both 
    the Recording and Corresponding Secretaries in writing.

    b. Upon receipt of the Nominating Committee's report, the
    Corresponding Secretary shall on or before April 1, notify each
    member in writing of the candidates so nominated.

    c. Additional nominations may be made at any meeting after the
    report of the nominating committee and before the annual meeting
    by any member in attendance provided that the person so         
    nominated does not decline when his or her name is proposed, and
    provided further that if the proposed candidate is not in
    attendance at this meeting, the proposer shall present to the
    Recording Secretary a written statement of the candidate's   
    willingness to be so nominated.  A voting member may be      
    nominated and run for more than one (1) office, but shall only
    be allowed to hold one (1) office.
    
    d. Upon finalization of the nominations and at least three days before the
    annual meeting, the Corresponding Secretary shall notify each member in
    writing of the list of candidates. 

    e. Nominations cannot be made at the annual meeting or in any
    manner other than as provided for in this section.
    
                               ARTICLE VII
                               COMMITTEES

Section 1. The Board may appoint standing ordinary committees to
advance the work of the organization. Special ordinary committees may
also be appointed by the Board to aid it on particular projects. Such
committees shall always be subject to the final authority of the
Board.

Section 2. Any ordinary committee appointment may be terminated by the
Board upon written notice to the appointee, and the Board may appoint
successors to those persons whose services have been terminated.

Section 3. The organization may appoint extraordinary committees to
advance the work of the organization.  Each such committee has an
owner, who must be a member in good standing of the organization.  The
owner appoints and replaces the chair of the committee as deemed
appropriate.

Section 4. The owner of an extraordinary committee is determined by
auction, the proceeds of which are payable to the organization.  In
the event of a vacancy in ownership of an extraordinary committee, the
organization may fill the vacancy by auction.

Section 5. The owner of an extraordinary committee may transfer the
ownership of the committee to another member in good standing by
notifying the Recording Secretary.

                              ARTICLE VIII
                  REPRIMAND, SUSPENSION, AND EXPULSION

Section 1. Any member of the organization shall be held accountable for
any conduct considered injurious to the organization or its purposes and
objectives. The gravity of such conduct shall first be considered at a
hearing before the Executive Board.  Considering said charges of
conduct, the Board may, at its discretion, enforce any of the following
punitive actions:

    a. Reprimand. The Board may reprimand the member for minor
    offenses, which can include, but shall not be limited to,
    written reprimand, verbal warning, restitution, or organization
    service.

    b. Suspension. For offenses of a more serious nature, the Board
    may suspend membership privileges of the member for any length
    of time, up to the next Annual Meeting of the organization.

    c. Expulsion. Considering the most heinous of offenses, the
    Board may propose to the organization membership expulsion of
    the member. The organization shall then vote at the next Regular
    Meeting of the organization, and the proposal for expulsion
    shall require the affirmative vote of at least a two-thirds
    (2/3) majority of the members present and voting at said meeting.

Section 2. Any member so charged shall be given written notice of said
hearing at least ten (10) days prior to that hearing, and such member
shall have the right to be present at said hearing for the purposes of
defense.

Section 3. Any member affected by Section 1, Parts (a) and (b), of this
Article, shall have thirty (30) days to appeal said proceedings. Written
notice of appeal shall be presented to the Recording Secretary. The
Board shall then, in turn, present the matter to the voting membership
at the next Regular organization meeting.  An affirmative vote of
two-thirds (2/3) majority of the voting members present and voting at
said meeting shall be required to sustain the actions of the Board.

Section 4. Any person whose membership is terminated according to
Section 1 of this article must present his or her application for
reinstatement to the Executive Board for approval prior to being voted
upon by the general membership.

                               ARTICLE IX
                         PARLIAMENTARY AUTHORITY

The rules contained in the current edition of ROBERT'S RULES OF ORDER
NEWLY REVISED shall govern the organization in all cases to which they
are applicable and in which they are not inconsistent with these Bylaws
and any special rules of order the organization may adopt.

                                ARTICLE X
                               AMENDMENTS

Section 1. Amendments to the Bylaws may be proposed by the Executive
Board or by written petition addressed to the Recording Secretary.
Amendments proposed by such petition shall be promptly considered by the
Board and must be submitted to the members with the recommendations of
the Board by the Recording Secretary for a vote within thirty (30) days
of the date when the petition was received by the Recording Secretary.

Section 2. The Bylaws may be amended by a two-thirds (2/3) vote at any
regular or special meeting called for the purpose, provided the
proposed amendments have been mailed to each member at least six (6)
days prior to the date of the meeting.

                               ARTICLE XI
                                DONATIONS

The organization may accept donations in the form of money, equipment or
other property to be used for the exclusive benefit of the membership,
provided however, that all contributions and donations to the
organization shall be subject to approval by the Board.

                               ARTICLE XII
                               DISSOLUTION

The organization may be dissolved at any time by the written consent of
not less than two-thirds (2/3) of the voting members in good standing.
In the event of the dissolution of the organization, whether voluntary
or involuntary or by operation of law, none of the property of the
organization nor any proceeds thereof nor any assets of the organization
shall be distributed to any members of the organization. After payment
of the debts of the organization, its property and assets shall be given
to a similar organization or sold and the money donated to a charitable
organization selected by the Executive Board.

                              ARTICLE XIII
                       SUGGESTED ORDER OF BUSINESS

Section 1. At meetings of the organization, the order of business, so
far as the character and nature of the meeting may permit, shall be as
follows:

    a. Reading and correction of the minutes of the last regular
       organization meeting and any special meetings or Board meetings
       held in the interim
    b. Reports of officers
    c. Reports of committees
    d. Old business
    e. New business
    f. Elections (at annual meeting)
    g. Actual Real Relevant Announcements Pertaining to the Business of
       KGB as an Organization.
    h: Open floor

Section 2. At meetings of the Board, the order of business, unless
otherwise directed by majority vote of those present, shall be as
follows:

    a. Reading and correction of the minutes of the last regular
       Board meeting and any special meetings or organization meetings
       held in the interim
    b. Reports of officers
    c. Reports of committees
    d. Old business
    e. New business
